Mail listener fetch bug (#44650)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener/ReleaseNotes/1_0_67.md

#### Integrations

##### Mail Listener v2

> - Added support to the *Fetch by email date.* parameter, as an option to fetch by date.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where fetch missed some incidents. This was resolved by adding the *Fetch by email date* parameter.
```
